the issue with both the demand side and
supply side. On the demand side, um it's
a pivot towards stimulating consumption
might be one way and it also start to
talk about sector specific measures in
order to cut the capacity and as you
said maybe restrict the export. Does
outbound direct investment also play a
role? I think outbound direct investment
is very much encouraged um by the rest
of the world. Well, with the exception
of countries that don't welcome Chinese
money, which is I think is not not
smart, but you know that's the fact. Um,
if you look at around the developing
world, actually in the world today,
there's a massive deficit in investment,
right? Agreate investment in the world
is down especially to developing
countries and um some country needs to
fill that gap. I think China is very
interested in doing so by not only
investing but maybe bring some of its
technology but they really need to
obviously help the local economy um
build its own economy on its own feet